Add -c conda-forge tip to note (#2429)
ome/omero-documentation: omero/developers/Python.rst

.. note:: 
   When installing the binaries, if an error like ``zeroc_ice-3.6.5-cp311-cp311-macosx_11_0_universal2.whl is not a supported wheel on this  platform`` occurs, this is probably due to the fact that your Python environment is not compatible with the platform

>    compatibility tags of the pre-built wheel. In that case, you may find that creating your environment with ``-c conda-forge`` gives a different set of tags that may help.

Reviewer: This might need an extra wording to clarify the context.

This sentence assumes the Python environment was created using Conda while the previous one does not. Also the workaround described here was only tested in the context of OS X.

Author: Re-ordered the examples and the note so that we have both `pip install` examples before the note (which also clarifies that `-c conda-forge` is for conda env) and then the ice conda-forge example last. Hopefully this order is a bit clearer

Reviewer: The re-ordering definitely helps, thanks

    $ pip install https://github.com/glencoesoftware/zeroc-ice-py-linux-x86_64/releases/download/20240202/zeroc_ice-3.6.5-cp311-cp311-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl
    $ pip install omero-py==\ |version_py|

To install ``omero-py`` using ``pip`` in a ``conda`` environment with Python 3.11 on Ubuntu 22.04:

.. parsed-literal::

    $ conda create -n myenv python=3.11
    $ conda activate myenv
    $ pip install https://github.com/glencoesoftware/zeroc-ice-py-linux-x86_64/releases/download/20240202/zeroc_ice-3.6.5-cp311-cp311-manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl
    $ pip install omero-py==\ |version_py|

.. note::
   When installing the binaries, if an error like ``zeroc_ice-3.6.5-cp311-cp311-macosx_11_0_universal2.whl is not a supported wheel on this platform`` occurs, this is probably due to the fact that your Python environment is not compatible with the platform

>    compatibility tags of the pre-built wheel. In that case, you may find that creating a conda environment with ``-c conda-forge`` gives a different set of tags that may help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   compatibility tags of the pre-built wheel. In that case, you may find that creating a conda environment using the ``conda-forge`` channel i.e. ``-c conda-forge`` gives a different set of tags that may help.
```
